Add implementation details to the README (#5)
jupytercad/jupytercad-salome: README.md

jupyter cad
```

## Implementation

JupyterCAD-Salome consists of two components:

- a jupyter-server endpoint which is ready to compute the mesh upon client demand. The enpoint is defined using [an OpenAPI spec](https://github.com/jupytercad/jupytercad-salome/blob/main/jupytercad_salome/schema/openapi.yaml).
- a client plugin for JupyterCAD which adds a toolbar button which calls this endpoint.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Users are not bound to the provided jupyter-server endpoint. `JupyterCAD-Salome` can connect to any server implementing the OpenAPI spec.
```

Whenever the user clicks on the toolbar button, they are prompted with configuring the API call:

![Meshing configuration](https://github.com/martinRenou/jupytercad-salome/assets/21197331/15b03e37-3716-4f82-b5bf-b99abed6c016)

> [!NOTE]

> > This user interface is generated automatically from the endpoint spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This user interface is generated automatically from [this schema file](https://github.com/jupytercad/jupytercad-salome/blob/main/src/schema.json).
```
